Group_5_TaylorN_AnthonyL/README.md, before:

# CrossTok
## Project Members
- Taylor Nastally
- Anthony Lim
## Member Contributions
- Taylor:
 	- Planning
    - Designing
    - Coding
    - Testing
    - Documentation
    - Recording
    - Release versioning the program
- Anthony:
	- Assisted in Testing
## How to Run
### Simple User Experience
1. Double click CrossTok.exe to run
2. Enjoy
### A User Experience
1. If python is not installed on your computer, [download](https://www.python.org/downloads/) it
	- Follow the instructions for installation
2. Open CMD or Terminal
3. Navigate to the folder with CrossTok.py in CMD
4. Type the command: `python CrossTok.py` or `python CrossTok.py <desired port number>`
	- The program contains a default port of 5959
 	- Please note that if you have a NAT device between the two devices or a firewall active on either device, you will not be able to use the program
    - To fix the NAT issue, both devices must be on the same internal network e.g. `xxx.xxx.1.xxx` and `xxx.xxx.1.xxx`
    - To fix the firewall issue please look up the specifics for your firewall/anti-virus/anti-maleware provider and disable the feature
### To Make Source Code into EXE
1. Run `pip install cx_freeze` in CMD located in download folder
    - May encounter issues with PATH variables for your operating system
        - To fix you will have to edit user variables
        - Find the install location of your version of python
        - Paste that location into the var
        - Save changes
2. `setup.py` and `CrossTok.py` must be in same folder
3. CMD to folder
4. Run `python setup.py build` 
### Extra Documentation
This contains a bunch of HTML for a browser based code documentation viewer
- To view, double click `_cross_tok_8py.html`
This will open your browser so you can click through the documentation of the functions and variables
    - Generated with Doxygen 
### CrossTok.exe
This is the executable and all you have to do for this file is double click CrossTok.exe in the likewise named folder, no hassle required
## Special Thanks
Thank you to the family members who supported us through this time consuming project and encouraged us to complete it, we couldn't have done it without you

Commit message:

changes made to readme to refelct dependency problems

Group_5_TaylorN_AnthonyL/README.md, after:

# CrossTok
## Project Members
- Taylor Nastally
- Anthony Lim
## Member Contributions
- Taylor:
 	- Planning
    - Designing
    - Coding
    - Testing
    - Documentation
    - Recording
    - Release versioning the program
- Anthony:
	- Assisted in Testing
## How to Run
### Simple User Experience
1. Double click CrossTok.exe to run
2. Enjoy
### A User Experience
1. If python is not installed on your computer, [download](https://www.python.org/downloads/) it
	- Follow the instructions for installation
2. Open CMD or Terminal, navigate to the folder containing CrossTok.py
3. Run `pip install cx_freeze` and/or `pip install tabulate` in a CMD terminal opened to the location your download for CrossTok.py is
	- There is a dependency issue for these two imports that must be resolved (discovered 11/12/2023)
	- If you want to run CrossTok.py, only `pip install tabulate` is required
	- If the exe is causing problems, you will need to rebuild the exe and run setup.py, you will then need to use `pip install cx_freeze`
	- Sometimes the exe works without needing a rebuild 
4. Type the command: `python CrossTok.py` or `python CrossTok.py <desired port number>`
	- The program contains a default port of 5959
 	- Please note that if you have a NAT device between the two devices or a firewall active on either device, you will not be able to use the program
    - To fix the NAT issue, both devices must be on the same internal network e.g. `xxx.xxx.1.xxx` and `xxx.xxx.1.xxx`
    - To fix the firewall issue please look up the specifics for your firewall/anti-virus/anti-maleware provider and disable the feature
### To Make Source Code into EXE
1. Run `pip install cx_freeze` in CMD located in download folder
    - May encounter issues with PATH variables for your operating system
        - To fix you will have to edit user variables
        - Find the install location of your version of python
        - Paste that location into the var
        - Save changes
2. `setup.py` and `CrossTok.py` must be in same folder
3. CMD to folder
4. Run `python setup.py build` 
### Extra Documentation
This contains a bunch of HTML for a browser based code documentation viewer
- To view, double click `_cross_tok_8py.html`
This will open your browser so you can click through the documentation of the functions and variables
    - Generated with Doxygen 
### CrossTok.exe
This is the executable and all you have to do for this file is double click CrossTok.exe in the likewise named folder, no hassle required
## Special Thanks
Thank you to the family members who supported us through this time consuming project and encouraged us to complete it, we couldn't have done it without you
